Adding wp_parsely_enable_cfasync_tag filter to display Cloudflare links (#473)
Parsely/wp-parsely: README.md

Tracking these events requires manually implementing additional JavaScript above [the standard Parse.ly include](http://www.parsely.com/help/integration/basic/) that the plugin injects into your page source. Please consult [the Parse.ly documentation on dynamic tracking](https://www.parsely.com/help/integration/dynamic/) for instructions on implementing dynamic tracking, or contact Parse.ly support for additional assistance.

> ### CloudFlare support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Cloudflare support
```

> If the site is running behind a CloudFlare DNS, [their Rocket Loader technology will alter how Javascript files are loaded. [A Javascript file can be marked](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/200169436-How-can-I-have-Rocket-Loader-ignore-specific-JavaScripts) so it is not touched by using `data-cfasync="false"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the site is running behind a Cloudflare DNS, their Rocket Loader technology will alter how JavaScript files are loaded. [A JavaScript file can be ignored by Rocket Loader](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/200169436-How-can-I-have-Rocket-Loader-ignore-specific-JavaScripts) by using `data-cfasync="false"`.
```

> Previous versions of the plugin would mark all scripts with that tag by default. Starting in version 3, that behavior has become optional and scripts won't be annotated with `data-cfasync="false"`. The previous behavior can be restored by adding the following filter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previous versions of this plugin would mark all scripts with that tag by default. Starting in version 3.0, that behavior has become optional and scripts won't be annotated with `data-cfasync="false"`. The previous behavior can be restored by adding the following filter:
```
